Add documentation for registerPaymentMethodExtensionCallbacks (#4834)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block: docs/extensibility/filtering-payment-methods.md

## Importing

_Aliased import_

```js
import { registerPaymentMethodExtensionCallbacks } from '@woocommerce/blocks-registry';
```

_wc global_

```js
const { registerPaymentMethodExtensionCallbacks } = wc.wcBlocksRegistry;
```

## Signature

| Parameter   | Description                                                                                                         | Type                                              |
| ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| `name`      | Unique string to identify your extension. Choose something that eliminates a name collision with another extension. | `string`                                          |
| `callbacks` | An object containing callbacks registered for different payment methods                                             | Record< string, CanMakePaymentExtensionCallback > |

Read more below about [callbacks](#callbacks-registered-for-payment-methods).

### Extension name collision

> When trying to register callbacks under an extension namespace already used with `registerPaymentMethodExtensionCallbacks`, the registration will be aborted and you will be noticed that you are not using a unique namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When trying to register callbacks under an extension namespace already used with `registerPaymentMethodExtensionCallbacks`, the registration will be aborted and you will be notified that you are not using a unique namespace. This will be shown in the JavaScript console.
```
